♪ Far away from the party ♪
♪ Don't follow me to the garden ♪
♪ Let your iPhone die ♪
♪ You needed the quiet ♪
♪ I’ll disappear
now that you’re gone ♪
♪ To keep me near
all of your love ♪
♪ Darlin’ don’t deny ♪
♪ Yourself of the time ♪
♪ Have I made you proud? ♪
♪ Are you lookin’ down? ♪
♪ Falling in to the blue ♪
♪ I’m all grown up
before I’m ready to ♪
♪ Will they play me on the radio? ♪
♪ Will I be another superstar? ♪
♪ It doesn’t matter
when I’m in love ♪
♪ With all my melancholia ♪
(HIGH-PITCHED VOCALISING)
♪ Are you lookin' down? ♪
♪ God, I’m lonely, but I’m free ♪
♪ It’s a happy melancholy ♪
♪ Drop all the precious metal ♪
♪ How can you know
who you are, oh? ♪
♪ Shed it on the floor ♪
♪ Don’t be your own fraud ♪
♪ Have I made you proud? ♪
♪ Are you lookin’ down? ♪
♪ Falling in to the blue ♪
♪ I’m all grown up
before I’m ready to ♪
♪ Will they play me on the radio? ♪
♪ Will I be another superstar? ♪
♪ It doesn’t matter
when I’m in love ♪
♪ With all my melancholia ♪
(HIGH-PITCHED VOCALISING)
♪ Are you lookin’ down? ♪
♪ God, I’m lonely but I’m free ♪
♪ It’s a happy melancholy ♪
(HIGH-PITCHED VOCALISING)
♪ Will they play me on the radio? ♪
♪ Will I be another superstar? ♪
♪ (Superstar) ♪
♪ It doesn’t matter
when I’m in love ♪
♪ With all my melancholia ♪
♪ Will they play me on the radio? ♪
♪ Will I be another superstar? ♪
♪ It doesn’t matter when I’m in love ♪
♪ With all my melancholia ♪
♪ Have I made you proud? ♪
♪ Are you lookin’ down? ♪
♪ God I’m lonely, but I’m free ♪
♪ It’s a happy melancholy ♪